alright here's how you play feel good
inc okay so for the first part what
you're going to do is you're going to
put your pointer finger on the eleventh
fret of the B and E string
you're going to kind of alternate
picking on just keep going but you're
going to start on the e string and end
on the e string then you move down to
the ninth fret
the now you move down to the seventh
fret
that picking and then what you do
afterward is you slide on the g string
from the 8th to the tenth and back down
so slide up and then go back down no
sliding back so it should sound a lot
like this
and then at the last part where the
bases gone you know it's just going down
you just hit up those two nuts on the
eleventh fret all right you want to you
can have as you slide
alright so next we have our sort of
course that always goes on after like
the rap or the intro and all it is is a
d sharp minor down to a c-sharp
and then down to a beach back up to a C
sharp and then repeat and then at the
end you are go you take the a and the B
string and you go with the e string so
you just alternate on the E string
between the fourth fret and the sixth
fret and you stand in six threat also on
this B section you can actually just you
can do either a c-sharp and these seuss
so um it can either sound like this
then you just go back to where it's at I
personally like it when it's just a
c-sharp 5 & D show 5 just because it
sounds a little bit better and that's
pretty much the whole song you want you
can check out my other less or actually
my cover and feel good inc just to you
know get the feel of how you use this
stuff and good luck with the song